Gwenevere Abriel: One time one individual therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Laura Lujan: being ridiculous. I don't know.
Laura Lujan: I can you hear me. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time, go find some place to sit and I'll open up a note.
Laura Lujan: Oh, I'm number two. Number two, please.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Laura Lujan: Thank you. Every time I
Gwenevere Abriel: Take your time.
Laura Lujan: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, we're getting there. We're starting to
Gwenevere Abriel: Find a spot. We're settling in. That's what we
Do
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'm still opening up a note, putting the data in here. So there'll be a little
Gwenevere Abriel: Light on my side, but that
Gwenevere Abriel: Doesn't mean can't kind of update me if you want on. I know you were looking for for a residential place and they're kind of full these days. You can update me if you like.
Laura Lujan: Oh yeah so
Laura Lujan: The only place that I can find it. Open the hand opening for me in Florida.
Laura Lujan: Clearly, yeah.
Laura Lujan: Interest long on
Laura Lujan: The call
Laura Lujan: Recovery first recovery or something like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I've heard of it.
Laura Lujan: Yeah. And so the only way that I can find that will take me like tomorrow is that word my peers. My God, I am I going to Florida, which I get I totally understand.
Gwenevere Abriel: So wait, who said that
Laura Lujan: Your PO. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: He said like worse last it you know if if you can't find anything I've lost or if you already been looking for a couple months. And yeah, I guess, but he really didn't want me to do.
Laura Lujan: That and I get that, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So here's, here's another idea as I'm I'm open to doing the best we can here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So a couple of things.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now you're alone right now. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so you and I already talked about the benefits of you going to residential because it would mean you wouldn't have to be with your father was already in the background.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you the moment that you, you had the slip you turn right around and it didn't. I don't remember did it last more than 24 hours. And did you really
Laura Lujan: Want to three hours total
Laura Lujan: Three hours. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So then you thought you talk maybe with your boyfriend. You thought, well, should I tell. Should I not tell. I want to be honest and you made a decision because you were hearing. Let's just run away, right. Like, let's just dip.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you decided to do it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Honest, and you reached out to your P. O. And you told him.
Gwenevere Abriel: He didn't lock you up.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you were trying to get information through text for me. You couldn't write because
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't budge.
Laura Lujan: Time and more or less. I wanted to talk my money. I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I'm glad you did it. I did.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can get into that in a second. But I've just I've just sort of laying out a little bit so you can see in front of you right all these
Laura Lujan: My point here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah right in front of you, just like okay and then you work through the part around. Am I kicked out of the program. What's going to happen, you made your way back into group. And you told people in group that you had slipped. I didn't do it. You did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're here again today.
Gwenevere Abriel: That doesn't sound like
Laura Lujan: I haven't seen you since
Laura Lujan: I know that because you canceled that appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: I haven't seen you. So a lot is going on. But I wanted, I wanted to finish this thought in the thought is this
Gwenevere Abriel: Year invalid invested
Gwenevere Abriel: In your healing and I can see that. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if it's possible that you're having used got you closer to getting out of that house.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then I get it, and sometimes we do things that are always conscious, sometimes we can do them unconsciously, like maybe I'll use the benefit of this. Maybe I'll get closer to moving out.
Gwenevere Abriel: From your father's house, so I don't look at it from just you slipped you're kicked out of the program treatment doesn't doesn't look at substance use. That way, if you're any good if you're a clinician, that has any if you've been doing it for a while.
Gwenevere Abriel: We don't look at it like that. It's far more complicated than just you used in your bad you know we don't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Laura Lujan: That makes sense. I mean, like,
Laura Lujan: All my friend draw my
Laura Lujan: Line that. How did you feel you're stupid Elmo.
Laura Lujan: So I said, like even regardless like he did not speak with like so.
Laura Lujan: I'm alive.
Laura Lujan: So funny like I'm gonna get busted.
Gwenevere Abriel: So now let's take some time and because again it is the first time that we've been able to talk and so
Gwenevere Abriel: What was going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: That that was the solution because for you to go do that that be the solution there must have been something going on before that.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: I'm
Laura Lujan: Like
Laura Lujan: Okay, not more boys Teresa. OK, so my birthday was
Laura Lujan: Right.
Laura Lujan: Okay, then we did not happen maybe six. So, okay, my, my birthday is May 1 and so my dad. It was my birthday. Okay. He totally space. And so we've got all right.
Laura Lujan: And you know whatever reason. Didn't really she wasn't mad, mad at me because she do she she asked him, like you can tell I even though she didn't say this like her actions speak louder than words.
Laura Lujan: And on and on. So, whatever. Well, I pulled it out by like
Laura Lujan: The day of results are. I don't know that I said, you know, calling birthday was, you know, just having that foundation on my
Laura Lujan: birthday was last Friday. And he's like, what am I
Laura Lujan: Like yeah and his birthday was on Friday. What do you mean, you know,
Laura Lujan: Like, what do you mean I
Gwenevere Abriel: got mad at you.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, I got this.
Laura Lujan: I can't keep up with you know you know your head.
Laura Lujan: And it's funny because I kind of reminded me of my boyfriend. I do that.
Laura Lujan: Um,
Laura Lujan: You know, I kind of map that whole scenario with me, my boyfriend and that was your video. You know what I mean, like, not that I'm comparing it to the stereo mean my dad to me, my boyfriend. I mean, there's something not right already. All right. I was like strike one kind of
Laura Lujan: Shocked you was whenever they did they go on and on.
Laura Lujan: He was in stopping it cigarettes work, and he was coming home early. If he comes up early. That basically means he picked up like five shots on the way home.
Laura Lujan: I'm I'm firewall, whatever. And you know down half of them we would all before he walked through the door. Yeah, it was like 130 in the afternoon, and I'm I didn't really walk through the door and awesome ideas here.
Laura Lujan: gregarious right and like, He ran into, like, is that when I already went through a close that sliding glass or whatever.
Laura Lujan: It like, you know, the whole like house like should we watch and, you know, and for the hostage shake. It's a condominium, so the the walls are you know so much about the shaking it means something. You know, like keep banging
Laura Lujan: ON THE DOOR SLAM shot. No, he thought, you know, and I said, This is ridiculous. But he didn't like what are you doing, what are you good. And he's like, I'm fine, no problem. Is that okay, all right. Again, strike to like the attitude enjoyment.
Laura Lujan: Powers and come over and I mean just you know you're reaching out, whatever. Um, and my mom comes downstairs, and she said wiser addition to seeing
Laura Lujan: And it was calling fish. Okay. And she has the dishes in the sink, but she has seen it in my bag. So she goes and takes dish and throwing it. My dad.
Laura Lujan: And my novel wise on my dish and then she's on how stupid I know condition. I actually was calling this and she thought, well, well, your dad, you know. Yeah.
Laura Lujan: The next one in there, you know, long time coming. But like I said, like he worked his ass all day. What did he doesn't like I'm sorry, like
Laura Lujan: You all well I you know I worked my ass off on this House me to the top of my phone and we might not go look around and then yeah, I was kind of an iPhone, but we will kind of, do I look like
Laura Lujan: A victim and I knew better. But then she just started out saying that
Laura Lujan: She was just done with his bullshit, blah, blah, blah, blah. She leaves. And then, um, and
Laura Lujan: I asked without us. And why put up with that. Like why like what's the point
Laura Lujan: You don't want because you know anything else to do. I said, What do you mean you don't have anything else to do, and lunch or short or medium is an argument of why he drank, and he's he's excuse ones and nothing else to do.
Laura Lujan: And
Laura Lujan: Then I said I'd be like me saying
Laura Lujan: given to me by a friend here on your preacher. I said, What's the difference between different invited in a pot, you know,
Laura Lujan: But you understand that you want more people in danger lies drug addiction every house you German in the car, who dresses on the spot, like, you know, I don't know how you mean you're lucky, you know,
Laura Lujan: I don't base it off of luck I based off of how smart I am whatever it was one on the same house where he was someone that
Laura Lujan: I just don't like that one thing, like it was thinking for the common good for you can't insult my intelligence. I just don't like that one me. You know, I know.
Laura Lujan: You and I graduated high school early like I know
Laura Lujan: Whenever we get back to work and for him to do that. That was a check three and
Laura Lujan: My boyfriend didn't come over, because I was, you know, going
Laura Lujan: On benefits you remember. And so it was like one thing after another heating and
Laura Lujan: Passing out, you know, you see the ocean from, you know, doing my ass. My family drama.
Laura Lujan: Your freshman
Laura Lujan: Running like you're neither in true Teresa came back over and asked me if I need anything.
Laura Lujan: And say,
Laura Lujan: You know,
Laura Lujan: I'm looking at all. You know your nerves of shot, you need a fit.
Laura Lujan: And I said, Yeah, but it's okay not to say anything.
Laura Lujan: Like, you know, whatever. I'll handle and on my own and she showed me that it's not okay and then she's not will be any money. And I was like, cool. Hey, guys. Yeah, sure.
Laura Lujan: No.
Laura Lujan: Happen don't mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Doing great. Hang on. You're almost there. Those details matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got the money. And then what happened.
Laura Lujan: I remember from brandy actually hit me up asking me, and Shawn with my co defendant
Laura Lujan: And Sean was getting it on here, not because she had heard from someone. A little birdie.
Laura Lujan: And she's a whole, are you okay not not really know what are you doing you she's like didn't get my kid was something like lower. And I was like, Yeah, sure. I'll pick you up kicking me out and like I said it was like within two seconds.
Laura Lujan: And then
Laura Lujan: And then she got she got me. I didn't get anything. I just did one with her like she don't have any money. I want you. And then I didn't know about
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: I am curious about the felt bad. I want to hear a little bit about that part because
Laura Lujan: I'm like, oh my god.
Laura Lujan: Right, I went to prison for nothing. A guy got OUT FOR NOTHING LIKE MY NAME IS finger on lawyer for nothing like every all kind of freaking out even worth it really
Laura Lujan: Not apparently how
Gwenevere Abriel: Long. How long did the euphoria last
Laura Lujan: How many minutes 20 minutes
Laura Lujan: 20 minutes talking to her venting about, you know, all my family bullshit right
Laura Lujan: And then I saw her when she they go around.
Laura Lujan: And I saw what
Laura Lujan: You just saw you out and seeing that made me realize hey that's not my my speaking right now because I know he's awesome okay that's not my parents because my hands are, you know, even though they're drug addicts or whatever, they're not speaker, they're not they're not in that whole
Laura Lujan: Plant. You know what I mean, like, and I realized that even though my dad, you know, my mom's wherever they're so they're not
Laura Lujan: They're doable. Like I can, I can get all i care, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I can handle that. Okay. All right.
Laura Lujan: All right, I can deal with that. I think I believe me, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: But wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: You were that day you were coping and you were adapting
Gwenevere Abriel: And and I can see that over strike after strike after strike after strike.
Gwenevere Abriel: So something that sort of perfect storm of somehow something your dad said that struck that I am intelligent but he's not seeing you as intelligent you felt insulted and then some drama and then to have your step mom basically hand do the needle. I mean,
Gwenevere Abriel: Back, back
Laura Lujan: My part
Laura Lujan: Yeah, we're
Laura Lujan: not stupid. She knew she doing
Laura Lujan: She knew what you do. I should not. I know I
Gwenevere Abriel: Know,
Laura Lujan: That's the part where it's like she did not my messenger. And out of that like Apple for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Ah proof, maybe, maybe that's useful for you to say, I don't have to question my intuition anymore. She wants me to fail.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have any doubts left
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Laura Lujan: Hello.
Laura Lujan: Like I said, it was, it was over before we even started.
Laura Lujan: Asking my head like, you know, going to be on the run longer. Yeah. And then it was all like, what am I doing stop stop stop stop stop back the train back to find out, like, you know, within like 20 minutes I really like one
Laura Lujan: Young on the run my ass. Awesome. I'll remember to eat the bottom but I can't. I can't sleep in a bed.
Laura Lujan: Back Katrina back and you're and
Laura Lujan: You're not hearing any of that.
Laura Lujan: I, for one, I'm producing you can't when you know you can have you tried to will not be able to. What are you doing right
Laura Lujan: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's deconstruct a little bit more. There was some period of time. So you're hanging in there, you're dealing with it. There's all these strikes and then Teresa says you want if you need a fix. And then there's a you summarized it, you kind of went drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I exhausted my boy. So let's just say what was the last strike. What really was the last one that you got the efforts.
Laura Lujan: Remember I said no you can't push him.
Laura Lujan: So I'm sitting on the right. Okay, well, I can't sit here and then he goes to withdraw withdraw from anything on anything.
Laura Lujan: Right, I'm like, you know, there's no NO WHAT YOU'RE YOU HAVE TO BE ON AN INCH OFF. Come on. I mean, I'm not, I'm not much about this. I still like, I mean, I just take a little most of Boston, our team that then, you know, I mean, sure. Yeah, I'll do that. And so long to do that and
Laura Lujan: I brought him to take them and I didn't want to hear. That's fine. You know, just whatever. And she just she you so pressuring it's like why why do you care like obviously characters long. We're about is
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, no, no, no, no. Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: Here back what you just said. You just said she cares for the wrong reasons. Are you sure you want to say that sentence.
Laura Lujan: She doesn't care how to get at a
Gwenevere Abriel: Map.
Laura Lujan: She doesn't care at all like let's don't like cheese so fake. It's ridiculous like
Gwenevere Abriel: That sounds honest.
Gwenevere Abriel: She's so fake. It's ridiculous. Now that I'm like yeah
Laura Lujan: It's crazy thing I just
Laura Lujan: in disbelief. Honestly, I just didn't understand it. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Kitty.
Laura Lujan: SO STUPID CAT
Gwenevere Abriel: Laura.
Gwenevere Abriel: When we're in it. When we're right in it like this with that craziness with what's going on with Teresa and your dad when you're like this.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can't see, as well as when we're like this. Okay, you're like that in your life you're this it's right where we can't focus is so close is happening in the moment and all we can do is just just navigate this thing right in front of us.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you step back
Gwenevere Abriel: Like we're doing now, notice how we're laying it out for stepping back from it. We're putting it all out and we're looking at it from hindsight, from a distance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have the privilege of being able to do that because I'm not in it like you are
You did the best year
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't make any sense that someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Could do that to you. It doesn't. And so
Gwenevere Abriel: The alternative of right now, if you don't go slip, which is what she's pushing because she wants you to fail.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is go crazy. Now you can either go crazy with your mom or punch her
Gwenevere Abriel: Or hurt yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. So look at the choices I either go violent outward or I go violent inward or escape into a substance or I go crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's often. Those are the choices you guys are left with
Laura Lujan: Me. I never thought anyone would be like that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're welcome. I watch you guys struggle with these and I wish I could go in there and remind you that there's another way that there's kind of like hands on the hips, there's this defiance. That's a quiet confidence within
Gwenevere Abriel: The one that got you to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: stop the train. Right. The one that said, Wait, wait, wait, wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: That one.
Gwenevere Abriel: She
Gwenevere Abriel: may look like she cares and your dad may look
Gwenevere Abriel: On some level, like he cares but these two individuals are unhealthy. From what I can tell, I haven't heard much that's healthy
Laura Lujan: Huh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, and it's no it's no compliment to to to a crazy environment that you stay like that you get along fine with a bunch of crazy people. It's not a compliment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, you might be the only sane person in the house.
Laura Lujan: I know I hate me, boy.
Laura Lujan: Right. So, for example, as a kid. A lot of my friends would always say, you know, I grew up in a bad environment back in. I'm like, Okay, well, no.
Laura Lujan: It doesn't that rule never applied to me like ever like, I mean, my parents. My parents for being, you know, ridiculous mom. My mom like as a kid I used that and my team like I'm learning to do good in school and my reading to read through education, like, and it just
Laura Lujan: As a sudden like I just wish I had that mindset.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the unfortunate truth is that even over like overachieving like in psychology that would be sublimation. There's this great word for it, where it gets us motivated that that anger and resentment to not be like this not be like mom means I'm going to overachieve over here.
Laura Lujan: There may be no no longer
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: What ends up happening is even this overachieving
Gwenevere Abriel: It has a downside to
Gwenevere Abriel: Exhaustion perfectionism rigidity irritability and an inability to connect with people. So as much as we think this is good and that is bad. It's just more complicated than that, that the
Laura Lujan: Way the room.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, the way down is kind of in the middle.
Gwenevere Abriel: And when we veer off a little bit. All we do is we come back to center as best we can. And when we veer off.
Gwenevere Abriel: We come back to center. That's all, that's all we got out of this life there won't be just one
Gwenevere Abriel: Answer. It's just going to be like
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I'm really off track.
Gwenevere Abriel: And now I'm gonna come back here.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then come back to center.
Gwenevere Abriel: But what is guiding you what is helping you forward that is at the center of what's going to keep bringing you back.
Gwenevere Abriel: So why
Laura Lujan: On Earth,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Or maybe it's something that you know in yourself. Maybe it's what got you back after 20 minutes right this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Then, right, what do you know, regardless of what people say about you or around you or try to push you to do. What do you know about yourself that can help keep you focused moving forward.
Laura Lujan: And then
Laura Lujan: I know that normally understand my disability. Yes, and I use right and I just kind of turn it into it's not my decision. It is my ability like no one can ever see thing. The way I see me because I'm not, you know,
Laura Lujan: So if I, if you're in a crowd or whatever I normally focus on, you know what, I can hear, which
Laura Lujan: Isn't a lot. I can tell you that much. But it's what's around me. So, like, I don't know, like my perception or things are different than yours. Yes.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: My perception. We like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if we go underneath that and and and say what might be steering you like you went off for a minute. Right. You you buckled under the pressure of a Teresa's pressure you you came into it.
Gwenevere Abriel: To shut her up to stop the craziness right you got her to stop you caved because to confront her. This Teresa person right is to say, You're crazy. That who talks to a to a daughter, like that who I'm in recovery. Why the fuck are you telling me to do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, that's, that's this that's hands on the hips. That's defiance. That's no sane person would tell someone in recovery to get a fix.
Laura Lujan: You go, yeah.
No one would do that wouldn't
Gwenevere Abriel: That just that's an altered reality. And that's the reality. She's living in
Gwenevere Abriel: But there's your perception and that if you perceive something if you get a sense that she's a phony, I believe you, but you need to believe you and hold on tight to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right and finishing your perception, the subtleties that because of your heart of hearing. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're gonna pick up on things that other people aren't going to pick up on and subtle cues like face or or people's bullshit. You're going to pick up on it before the rest of us are. And it is a gift.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to have to honor that that's going to get your
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's going to get you. You know what I picked up on it quick. I looked around, look at this mess. Look at this guy has passed out. I have a man that loves me and cares about me and he's home sleeping. He cares about me. I just forgot
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe that's all it is is under the pressure of someone that toxic a Teresa, you may have just forgotten your true north, you know, you forgot the direction you're going. You forgot your own perception.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's all you forgot. And guess what you remembered right away right away.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, true. I remember was around
Laura Lujan: Our grammar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I guess I feel guilty because I haven't spent enough time asking more questions about what it's like to not be able to barely hear things in a crowd.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of people. What is it like, oh, I want to know that was that was
Laura Lujan: As far as I am, or I mean like with my boyfriend, he does it. He does respect me on the level of, like, you know, he
Laura Lujan: takes the time to care nothing about the whole situation. However, there's one thing he does is where
Laura Lujan: You will ever looked at me and he's talking when I brought 50% OF THE TIME HE DOESN'T LOOK AT ME. And it's not like he doesn't have a purpose. He just
Laura Lujan: Is there anything else you know what I mean. And I don't expect him to look at me 24 hours or days or a week or whatever.
Laura Lujan: There's, like, you know, certain time. We're having a conversation and he won't face me and we'll be talking to, like, the law or whatever he's doing, you know, whatever, you know, and it doesn't bother me, but like I like internally does you I mean
Laura Lujan: I do
Laura Lujan: It doesn't bother me like
Laura Lujan: Out right like it doesn't. I don't have to say that's like the least of my work, but
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Laura. I know you do that with everybody else. I know you compromise for everybody else. But you don't have to do that in here you get to be
Gwenevere Abriel: Insulted you get to be offended you, you get to say I deserve.
Gwenevere Abriel: I deserve. It's Kyle right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah I want Kyle I want to be able to watch your mouth and your eyes and I want to be able to to look at you when we're talking. It means a lot to me. You don't have to make excuses. You don't have to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't I don't deserve this. I put up with so much shit. This is nothing compared to the should I put up with no
Gwenevere Abriel: Heat. You still have the same rights as everybody else does. You have the right to a preference. You want someone to look at you when they're talking you have that right
Laura Lujan: Now,
Gwenevere Abriel: You have been putting up with a lot and so you know how you were saying earlier in there. This is all connected. You were saying
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: Other people, you know, they make excuses about why they use drugs, but you you used it as a motivator and you got to work and you graduated from school early you knew you didn't want to be like your mother's right
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I had such a great thought and it just left the building, it'll come back, though there was a connection between those two things.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The connection between oh normal found it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Because you've been exposed to so much sort of that toxic environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's normalized
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Almost got it. Wait for it. Normal, normal
Gwenevere Abriel: Normal. Okay. It means you're going to put up with Kyle's behavior. I don't. I just figured out
Laura Lujan: Everything and everything.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Laura Lujan: We want to remember, maybe I wouldn't if that was the
Laura Lujan: Case I would have already told him my enough
Laura Lujan: Not
Gwenevere Abriel: Enough, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what you might have said was
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I'm part of hearing. I connect with you.
Gwenevere Abriel: More and I can understand more. When I can read lips to it means something to me that you would
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember that, and Turner and turn toward me when you talk to me it would mean you love me, it would mean you care that I have, I have to work harder. I have to. I'm already working hard, like, show me you care and turn toward me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you are used to putting up with you are used to it, meaning it's normalized for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: And if I'm the first person to tell you. You have a right to your preferences. You have a right to your environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: To accommodate you.
Gwenevere Abriel: You just did right
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I figured out. And it's interesting in real time. You notice how I forgot twice in here.
Gwenevere Abriel: You want to know why I did that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I figured it out. You want to know.
Laura Lujan: Hi, man.
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't normally do that i can i can
Gwenevere Abriel: Pretty, pretty complex thoughts. And what I did was I switched the video.
Gwenevere Abriel: So that your, your face was up here so that I can do my best to try to give you, eye contact. And what ends up happening is my face was huge. And I can see my yappy mouth and like almost like totally
Gwenevere Abriel: I got distracted with myself.
I do
Gwenevere Abriel: But I, but it was interesting to watch that in real time I'd like, look at that. Twice I lost my train of thought.
Gwenevere Abriel: And all it was was this. It's a pretty basic thought that you're you're toxic environment got normalized. And so you're going to tolerate more, you're not going to be as like upset by it but someone who I'm going to tell you right now, someone that did not grow up.
Gwenevere Abriel: With your family of origin.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are gonna like
Gwenevere Abriel: I can't
Laura Lujan: put up with it right
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Laura Lujan: I wouldn't even bother with them. I hear me.
Laura Lujan: Just based on that whole criteria, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe, so just keep that in mind when you think about
Gwenevere Abriel: What do I have a right to ask from Kyle What, where do I register where my rights begin where they end
Gwenevere Abriel: So check it out with people, maybe not just me other people that you kind of see kind of have put together some some health
Gwenevere Abriel: Because your reference standard is a
Gwenevere Abriel: Like
Gwenevere Abriel: Whoa.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: When
Gwenevere Abriel: When you get upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: That means that you've probably put up with 100
Gwenevere Abriel: Things already so
Gwenevere Abriel: You really probably need to speak. By then, don't you think because you've given how much you already sort of compensate cope with deal with by the time you actually get angry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get sad get nervous get afraid it's probably because it had it has reached such a high point, my goodness, long overdue for you to speak your truth.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's how I see it.
Laura Lujan: I just don't like to. I'm going to complication of all costs.
Laura Lujan: I know that about myself is not good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here's what over time.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're out of here. And you and I have some distance from it and we reflect back and we say, oh boy, that was so hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to be able to hear what I'm about to say right now, which is
Gwenevere Abriel: There's even intimacy.
Gwenevere Abriel: In a confrontation. There's even a connection with someone. There's trust.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is probably like, like I'm from Planet Mars.
Gwenevere Abriel: But someday when this is in the past. This is in the past when you feel safe.
Gwenevere Abriel: To be able to express yourself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Regularly without fearing confrontation.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might pick this up again or here this remember this or you won't even know where it came from.
Gwenevere Abriel: But part of the reasons why people get close to each other is not because they went on a roller coaster.
Gwenevere Abriel: had fun at a restaurant that's not where the real intimacy comes from. It's actually, it comes from navigating difficult times together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Think about how tight you are with certain people that it's almost like we got through this obstacle together. It isn't that we only had fun together we navigated this challenge. We spoke our truth and we got through it. We were honest, we were genuine
Gwenevere Abriel: We went through this difficult time together. It isn't just happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy happy. So although you know you're talking about your boyfriend being exhausted.
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't you just trust him even more because he was able to do that with you.
Mm hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: You have the same right
Gwenevere Abriel: To be exhausted to be angry to be scared to be sad. You have the same rights as Kyle has me as everybody else. You have the right to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Teresa, I can see you're trying to be helpful. This is what help with looks like right now. Right. This defiance.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can see you're trying to help me.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is what help would look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: And she comes to five because what that does is that offs out of crazy land.
Gwenevere Abriel: Opting out will not. I won't go crazy. I won't hurt myself. I won't cut. I won't kill myself. I won't act out and get violent. I won't go escape into a drug, but I'll tell you what, I'll do see my hands on my hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do this, psychologically, or you can literally stand there with your hands on your hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Get that Wonder Woman pose and
Gwenevere Abriel: It looks like you're trying to help Teresa. Thank you for that. What would be most helpful right now is I think I just need some quiet reflection time
Gwenevere Abriel: You
Are
Gwenevere Abriel: It doesn't matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: What you say you do it again. Why do you have to come up with something new. Yes. Teresa that's that's a, that was a good idea, but I think right now what I'd like is just some some quiet reflection time. I think I might go for a walk. But thank you for your help and off you go.
Gwenevere Abriel: You don't have to go crazy. You don't have to be violent. You don't have to act out. You don't have to escape. You don't have to hurt yourself. You can have this inner right i know is, and it's in this
Gwenevere Abriel: I know what I know. I know my perception. I know what I'm feeling. I know this woman doesn't care about me. What kind of crazy person would offer someone who's in recovery a fixed
Right.
Laura Lujan: I say after me football, I like
Gwenevere Abriel: She matter bagger my
Laura Lujan: In college. Now, of course, you know,
Laura Lujan: I don't like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: No, no, not work, but because you're around it day after day minute after minute over you're having to numb yourself to the perception that this is an unhealthy relationship. Your radars down
Laura Lujan: I see what you're saying. Okay, so you're saying like if I was so used to seeing that play out. I was growing up, or whatever it was they wouldn't be that wouldn't be normal, it wouldn't. I wouldn't.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't just
Gwenevere Abriel: Freaked out and you would have said.
Gwenevere Abriel: To a counselor at school, a teacher anyone you could get your hands up this place that I'm coming from is sick. It's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's unacceptable.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know my truth. I know, I know what I know and I need help.
Gwenevere Abriel: Time after time after time you've had failures of people to help you when you needed it.
Laura Lujan: You're pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm really
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm pretty good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I wish I could get you out of there. I wish I could get you out. I'm
Laura Lujan: Not
Laura Lujan: One of those way it can be worse.
Laura Lujan: Oh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Never see it could be worse. I know it could always be worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: But you slipped and you talked about cutting
Gwenevere Abriel: How close to worse in. Are you are you really that far away from worse.
Laura Lujan: I was kind of wondering if I find myself.
Laura Lujan: Wanting to do that and that when you meant like
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me.
Laura Lujan: Like my level like that's been doing a really, really.
Laura Lujan: Good, thanks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay that's level zero
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: How often does level zero kind of percolate where it comes up.
Laura Lujan: Once
Gwenevere Abriel: You once a week, how, how far away.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, once we get a little more currently. Now just because of the death of my boyfriend.
Laura Lujan: You so I'm just touching on my arm and then 637 or whatever. And that's what we're human, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, I think we're going to need to focus on how to manage that anniversary, I think, respectfully, being able to be with that anniversary without hurting yourself might be a good idea. What do you think
Laura Lujan: I agree.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well,
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's been one year or how long
Something
Laura Lujan: Three.
Gwenevere Abriel: Three. Okay, now in the past.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you ever done any kind of ceremony anything to go to the grave site meet with a family. Yeah. What have you done and I liked.
Laura Lujan: Me and my friend TJ, we have some really dumb Hill, which is Suzanne Hill, like the rubbish but ray and I'm not moving illegal, you know, let me know.
Laura Lujan: Party or not like hardcore drugs which I like because like I've never smoked pork or drug up there, you know, I mean,
Laura Lujan: I know I like the rule is like you know you don't do that in that rock or whatever.
Laura Lujan: Okay. And so maybe you went out there and I think we had a great webinar but like I said it was it was
Laura Lujan: Literally, you know, I got your number daunting.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, Tom.
Laura Lujan: It wasn't like all you know
Laura Lujan: Smoking man you know
Laura Lujan: Drug welcome back now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've been up there with Jordan. Have you been to suicide Hill Western
Laura Lujan: Yeah, he the one that you're doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. All right. We're getting somewhere. So yeah. Beautiful.
Laura Lujan: That's like, that's like all the guys back to you. So I've auto on
Laura Lujan: His own or whatever.
Laura Lujan: Almost friends.
Laura Lujan: They all like
Gwenevere Abriel: What if you expand that and put your energy because you've got a little bit of time. It's June, tell me the day. One more time to you and what
Laura Lujan: June 3
Gwenevere Abriel: Third, okay. Not a lot, a lot of time a little bit
Gwenevere Abriel: So the parts that you liked you like Tom and it sounds like a little bit of a little bit of is that sentimentality.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: sentimentality, and I almost sounded like an innocence, just a
Laura Lujan: Touch of innocent. Yeah. Okay. What, uh,
Gwenevere Abriel: Huh. So we've got calm sentimental innocence.
Gwenevere Abriel: And also with people sharing stories, right.
Yeah.
Laura Lujan: Of like a good
Laura Lujan: Reflection
Laura Lujan: But I think, you know, just remember every time I mean he actually okay what
Laura Lujan: Can I do with it. You actually probably okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you want to be worried about his thing. Okay, where you didn't have to do that with TJ.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, because he did
Laura Lujan: Like
Laura Lujan: Yeah, right. And you
Laura Lujan: Know my wife and
Gwenevere Abriel: Then it's never been romantic with you and TJ.
You're
Laura Lujan: Okay. No, I won't, I won't point, the first time ever anything ever happened or whatever. I told him to hear it at all. Don't ever hit
Laura Lujan: Or miss Beth, write it
Laura Lujan: On
Laura Lujan: A Monday morning, come on you. I do not need an extent of it like
Laura Lujan: No money.
Gwenevere Abriel: So maybe homework if you want to is spending time thinking about exactly what you want, not the compromised version because notice you're going to default to the compromised version well Kyle's okay with it. That's a compromised version.
Laura Lujan: Okay, that's not the common good. Is that right, I want to go, no matter what.
Laura Lujan: Okay, it was more or less. I just didn't want. I didn't think anything
Laura Lujan: I think you misunderstood that so that's
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I think I got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think I got it. So if you're not going to be distracted.
Gwenevere Abriel: By whether he's okay or not okay at any given time because
Laura Lujan: I don't want him to come. Yeah. Alright.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got, what do you want to do there. What time who all, do you want there. And do you want some piece of really intentionally
Gwenevere Abriel: Saying this person, this person, this person, I'd like you to bring this or I'd like you to read this or share this or draw this or paint this or do this. Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: To really structure.
Gwenevere Abriel: A ceremony and ritual that maybe builds on itself, each year.
Laura Lujan: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'll make I'll make something up just to
Laura Lujan: Remind me I'm, I'm a good way to like
Laura Lujan: Handle actually
Gwenevere Abriel: So just to, I'll just to brainstorm.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's say you learned on YouTube or something. How to Make a candle and everyone brought
Laura Lujan: everything it can to make it today.
Gwenevere Abriel: Where you really. Oh, that's weird. So everybody brings you know
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, everybody brings an object, no larger than you know the size of your palm or no larger than the size of your thumb. Everyone bring an object that represents their relationship with him or some special memory and we all make this candle together.
Laura Lujan: Hmm.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's an idea. So you
Gwenevere Abriel: Come up with something where
Gwenevere Abriel: A you're planning, which takes your mind right it channels the mine. It gives you something to focus on and it's right where it needs to be, which is the love.
Gwenevere Abriel: For him right it's it's channel. It's not pretending like it's not happening. It's happening. June 3 is gonna happen. It's gonna happen.
Gwenevere Abriel: So instead, radical acceptance, we say this is going to happen this anniversary is I can either get in to it or I can pretend like it's not happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: So this time, you can do it intentionally call people text people let them know what you want and maybe they'll join in, or maybe they'll have a great idea that you yeah I thought of.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. Something to think about to focus your mind. Okay.
Laura Lujan: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Have
Laura Lujan: A candle making it so
Gwenevere Abriel: That makes that makes the back of my hair is kind of stand up just
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well, that's cool. So let's schedule another time to meet. Oh, the thing I never I didn't quite finish a thought I had started earlier and that is
Gwenevere Abriel: While you're waiting to maybe for a residential level of care. I would like to see you more frequently. Can you tell your PO that you're going to do that.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Laura Lujan: Yeah, he might actually let that a lot. And probably you know it might help me a little bit too.
Laura Lujan: Because then I know he didn't
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've never been able to kind of get some consistency going in. I can't remember. I know you. I like you to get out of the house early morning you scoot out of there. Some of you been staying over at Kyle, to be able to pull down
Laura Lujan: To 34 days.
Gwenevere Abriel: OK. OK.
Laura Lujan: OK, my everything my birthday so
Gwenevere Abriel: Ever since
Friday.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have a written down. I have may 14 and then I put BD next day so yours was on the 15th.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, so that is everything right, everything
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, what's today. Today is 19 oh okay here we go let's meet
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: At the same time, at one can
Laura Lujan: Thursday Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: May 21 at 110
Gwenevere Abriel: You know if you ever want me to write anything down or send something in a chat or a text just have to ask okay
Laura Lujan: Okay. All right.
Laura Lujan: Good.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright so let me just see. In fact, maybe I'll send that to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we've got five
Gwenevere Abriel: 1:10pm
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just sent it to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, so, um,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's also you got, let's keep let's keep writing more. Let's put more because these, these will disappear. These two appointments will disappear and we won't have them set up.
Laura Lujan: Okay, okay. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go, let's let's stick with 110 let's go to May 26 will do them what to that. I'll say five to six one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you have anything. Do you know I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: On day 26
Gwenevere Abriel: Those are. That's a Tuesday. That's a Tuesday.
Laura Lujan: May 26
Gwenevere Abriel: That's where do you go to group boy.
Could I
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but, but maybe I should switch, switch your group because
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's do this. So, write this down may 25 Welsh shoot. There's no group on that day.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what we'll do is we're going to take it week by week until we get, get this figured out. Here we go. May.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is going to be individual therapy and I just sent that also
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm going to write it down to
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, we got 110 and 20 21st, is yes. That's this Thursday at 110
Laura Lujan: Okay, sorry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Remember how about
Gwenevere Abriel: This is
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my goodness, hard to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: There any way you could do something in the early morning just one time next week.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoot.
Gwenevere Abriel: Work.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm gonna send that one too. Okay, I think I got it. So then group next week for you is may 28
Gwenevere Abriel: Which you've gone to before you've been to this one at 11am
Laura Lujan: May 29 we're not we're not
Gwenevere Abriel: That yeah that's individual because I'm going to have you doing two individuals, a week, you're going to increase your services to twice a week, seeing me individually until we can kind of get this self injury behavior kind of down to maybe what do you think once a month.
Gwenevere Abriel: We like what that is just like, and then down to once every three months and then just like it never occurs to you. Let's get that happening.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got 521 then if a 526 at one and
Laura Lujan: On 20 loving
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's Gruden
Laura Lujan: Put the Article nine at 9am right yep
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is may 28
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just going to put it in a text to also five. It's kind of complicated here 528 will say 11am. I'm going to put the word group on that one group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. And then we've got 520 you're gonna be sick and tired of me. You're gonna be like, I can't see that one. One more time.
Gwenevere Abriel: 9am. Okay, so then we got nine eight. On May 29 there. Okay, so now I send them all to you.
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Take it from there. Now, if
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have those impulses. Again, either to self injure or you're starting to feel crazy, can you reach out to me.
Laura Lujan: Yeah, of course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Something like
Gwenevere Abriel: What would you comfortable messaging me so that I know how to interpret it. What could you send that you feel comfortable because you're going to be upset.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's why we're talking about it. It's one thing to say yes. And then imagine actually sending it
Laura Lujan: I'm just checking in with you are
Gwenevere Abriel: Checking in like
Gwenevere Abriel: Uh huh, or, or you could checking in. I already got it. Checking in all know and i'll probably write you back. And I'll say, Is everything okay or do you need to meet
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm going to do that. It's going to sound like that. I can't do therapy through texting, but I'm going to do some sort of message back to you that says, I'm here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let me know how we can we can meet in in, zoom, something like that. The other thing you can do if you can't remember I'm checking in, is today sucks.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay. Alright, so we've got a plan and
Gwenevere Abriel: You remember this one.
Laura Lujan: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Hands on the hips.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know you're trying to
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I know you're trying to help. Thank you for that. What I need is kind of some quiet time to reflect, or even I may go for a walk. You saying out loud, what help would look like.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's the way you keep from going insane. You say what you want, not in a mean way just. Well, thank you, thank you for that. Teresa. I appreciate it.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what I need right now is just some quiet time but thank you and you say it over and over and you don't have to get fancy
Gwenevere Abriel: You just keep repeating it. Oh, thank you again. But this is kind of what I'm looking for is just some quiet time now just kind of want to hang up on myself. Yeah. Just going to hang out here by myself. She's gonna get bored with you eventually throw our hands up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, I will see you soon.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Bye.